Add new INI config key 'required_plugins' that defines a list of plugins that must be present for a run of pytest (#7330)
pytest-dev/pytest: doc/en/reference.rst

   See :ref:`change naming conventions` for more detailed examples.

.. confval:: required_plugins

   A space separated list of plugins that must be present for pytest to run.

>    If any one of the plugins is not found, emit a error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If any one of the plugins is not found, pytest emits an error and exits with code XXX (unless ``strict_config`` is ``false``).
```

The XXX should be filled here ^^^ (which is it?)

Author: strict_config has influence on this as we always fail ( see earlier in PR for reasoning )

Reviewer: So since `strict_config` is not consulted in this case, will edit the suggestion above to remove mention of it.

Author: Sure I can update this to show the exit code but I think that’s a bit redundant and becomes a maintenance headache since we seem to centralize our exit code information here: https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/usage.html. I think we should keep exit code information there. If we don’t things will eventually diverge and confuse users

Author: Thoughts @nicoddemus @RonnyPfannschmidt

Author: It actually looks like it exits with exit code 1, which sounds valid to me for the use case

Reviewer 2: I think it is OK to leave out the exact error code here, but I don't have strong feelings either.

Author: If we’re all ok with it, I’d like to leave all exit codes in the usage doc I posted above. Otherwise the error code reporting may diverge over time and people will be confused. I also wouldn’t know to change this location easily as maintainer who has never seen this PR

Reviewer: Yea makes sense to leave the exit code out. So just a typo "a error" -> "an error"

   See :ref:`change naming conventions` for more detailed examples.

.. confval:: require_plugins

   A space separated list of plugins that must be present for pytest to run.
   If any one of the plugins is not found, emit a warning.
   If pytest is run with ``--strict-config`` exceptions are raised in place of warnings.

   .. code-block:: ini

       [pytest]

>        require_plugins = html xdist

Author: @RonnyPfannschmidt @nicoddemus what if we just checked for both `<plugin>` and `pytest-<plugin>` ( e.g.: `html` and `pytest-html` ) as suggested in the beginning of the comment. To @nicoddemus' point, there is no standard way to define plugins, and once all the plugins are loaded we store them in the way I wrote up with this pr ( `pytest-html` becomes `html` ).

I think looking for both would be valid, since one is the internal representation, and the other is the user friendly name, and it would be simpler than trying to user the logic in `terminal.py` which we'd probably have to groom a little for this use case

>        require_plugins = html xdist

Reviewer 3: We shouldn't guess, the giben names should be python distribution names

With module names also being accepted

There should be a way to add version constraints

>        require_plugins = html xdist

Author: @RonnyPfannschmidt - so you mean we should prefer `pytest-html` over `html`

Agreed on the ability to add version constraints. Can we add this in a follow up PR to not bloat this one?

>        require_plugins = html xdist

Author: @RonnyPfannschmidt - so you mean we should prefer `pytest-html` over `html`

Agreed on the ability to add version constraints. Can we add this in a follow up PR to not bloat this one?

>        require_plugins = html xdist

Author: Also, @RonnyPfannschmidt @nicoddemus is it a requirement that plugins for pytest start with `pytest-`? It seems like yes from the documentation, but I am not sure

>        require_plugins = html xdist

Reviewer 3: Sure

>        require_plugins = html xdist

Author: @nicoddemus - thanks for sharing the snippet in `pytest/src/_pytest/terminal.py`, we  can definitely use that as a solution here

>        require_plugins = pluginA pluginB pluginC

Reviewer 2: Can we add here a real list? For example `require_plugins = pytest-xdist pytest-mock`?

I ask because it is not clear here if the user should add the package name or plugin name.

>        require_plugins = pytest-xdist pytest-mock

Author: It doesn't, pushing a change now.
```
(.venv) gnikonorov:~/pytest/gleb_test$ cat pytest.ini
[pytest]
minversion = 3.0.0
require_plugins = html xdist

(.venv) gnikonorov:~/pytest/gleb_test$ python3 -m pytest test_xfail.py
=========================================================================================================== test session starts ============================================================================================================
platform linux -- Python 3.6.9, pytest-5.4.1.dev465+gd2bb67bfd.d20200607, py-1.8.1, pluggy-0.13.1
rootdir: /home/gnikonorov/pytest/gleb_test, inifile: pytest.ini
plugins: xdist-1.32.0, hypothesis-5.15.1, mock-3.1.1, html-2.1.1, metadata-1.9.0, forked-1.1.3
collected 1 item

test_xfail.py x                                                                                                                                                                                                                      [100%]

============================================================================================================ 1 xfailed in 0.05s ============================================================================================================
(.venv) gnikonorov:~/pytest/gleb_test$
```
